Here is where I plan the adventures. Goal is one session per adventure. 
Expected date of running - 3-3-18

The group has just finished clearing Hunclays hidden caves, and now needs check out what they have found. This is considered a part of the keep, so the agreement with the Baroness is still in effect.

4 Chests
  #1 Locked - DC 30 to open the arcane lock or use the ring of keys from the bedchamber
  #2 Locked - as above
  #3 Locked - as above
  Total treasure from these three - 11,300 CP, 7200 SP, 1800 GP. All coins are in pouches, 100 coins in each. The coins will be sent to Hunclay's cousin if reported to the baroness.
  #4 Locked and is twice the size of the others, very fine manufacture. DC 30 Pick Locks (without the Arcane Lock spell)to open, but the Brass Key Hunclays body had opens. Inside this magnificent chest are Hunclay's greatest treasures.  Sitting atop an exquisite darkwood case are 4 packets of Enhanced Dust of Darkness. (as in UE, but it is also sufficient to dispell the wall of light), and in a mithral scroll tube, a Scroll of Permanency. There are also 5 books. 4 of these books are rare antique tomes on astronomy written in Ancient Osiriani, each valued at 1000 GP. The 5th tome is a tattered volume called "Secrets of the Dreaming Dark" 
  Secrets of the Dreaming Dark a very old and massive tome, several hunderds pages long bound in black leather. Pages are scribed in Aklo, in cramped writing, and includes complex star charts and maps of strange, distant worlds. Also are numerous breathtaking illustrations of eerie monsters and alien Gods. Also in this book, hidden away within, are numerous strange spells and rituals, such as the complex ritual Hunclay used to conjure the Dominion of the Black neh-thalguu. Deciphering these spells and rituals would take many months at the very best. Since this copy is in relatively poor condition, its value is lessened, but is  still set at 11000GP.
  XP - If the treasure is turned over to the Baroness, grant 1200xp story xp for honesty.  If the treasure is kept, grant 0 xp. Treasure is its own reward. 
  
  Lady Origena thanks the party for their services, and pays them the contracted gold, 5000GP. She then invites them to the Auction, to be held 2 weeks from today.  (Remember you did agree to make manor safe, the wall of light remains).
  
  
